Since Censor of Zhongzhou, Chao Heng,
refuses to do me this favor,
then the charges against him
can never be cleared.
By law,
it means execution of the entire family.
Why are you being so honest?
I just
don't want to lie to you.
Watch out!
Ye Li.
Can you take me to see it?
You have been by the Manor Lord's side,
lying in wait and plotting for so long.
You don't know the secret code,
you don't know the Thousand-Mechanism Treasure,
and even the whereabouts of the Manor Lord's daughter,
you don't know either.
Do you think I believe that?
I really don't know.
Didn't I tell you to get some good sleep?
I couldn't sleep.
I didn't want to be alone.
For someone like me who practiced martial arts from childhood,
I never thought I'd be in such a sorry state today.
Aren't you a legal advocate?
Why practice martial arts?
To protect the person I wanted to protect.
The person you wanted to protect,
where is she now?
Is she not with you?
We got separated.
Of the things I promised her,
I haven't accomplished a single one.
I said I'd give her a home,
but I ended up losing her instead.
I said I'd clear her family's name,
but I haven't even seen the case files.
Instead, I've been reduced to a prisoner,
and nearly lost my head.
It's just as well that she's gone.
Otherwise, seeing me like this now,
she would probably be very disappointed.
How could she be?
Zhao Yun... it really is you.
The things you've always wanted to do for her,
were not just empty words.
You have been working hard at them.
That is already remarkable.
But what use is that?
In the end, I accomplished nothing.
Zhao Yun...
It's good that Zhao Yun has a friend like you.
I really envy her.
"Only the moon in the spring courtyard is affectionate,"
"still shining on falling flowers for the parted one."
Perhaps Zhao Yun and I
will never meet again in this life.
If you do not wish to reveal yourself,
then so be it.
Worldly matters are heavy,
but flowers are light.
Master Ye,
don't be trapped in the past.
Look to the road ahead.
No matter how good the past was,
it is but flowers in a mirror, moon in the water.
You just said...
"Flowers in a mirror, moon in the water"?
What's wrong?
I might know the solution to the third riddle.
Ye Li hasn't come back all night.
I wonder how he is.
There are no lotuses in the Lotus Garden.
Because the manor is surrounded by poisonous miasma,
the Red River water is contaminated,
so lotus seeds cannot sprout.
To please his wife, the Manor Lord
made artificial lotuses
and placed them in vats
for her to admire throughout the seasons.
Do you have a clue?
Look inside this vat.
How is it different from last time?
This...
it's just full of water.
I was wondering before,
"The heavenly court calls out the water immortal."
What exactly does this phrase mean?
"Yellow clouds turning waves" didn't reveal the full picture.
Then I thought of a saying:
"Yellow sky brings rain."
Yellow sky brings rain?
Before a summer storm,
the clouds are filled with water,
and the sky
takes on a very deep yellow hue.
Just like at twilight.
Yellow clouds churn waves in the nine heavens
To see such a magnificent sight,
it must be a stormy summer day.
Rain falls from the sky,
so only the Heavenly Court can summon the Water Immortal.
Then the immortal in "The Immortal Points the Way,"
who does that refer to?
Who lives in the water?
Lotuses?
Who rules the waters?
The Dragon King.
Look.
Isn't this a dragon?
So the Water Immortal
doesn't refer to a narcissus,
nor a lotus.
It's a dragon.
This is a double-headed dragon pattern.
In the manor, something similar to this dragon pattern,
I've only seen in one place.
So the third line actually points to...
Si Niang.
Xu Qingqing.
She's dead.